The technician at the pharmacy receives the prescription, and the process begins. The technician should enter the prescription details into the DUR system, and then the DUR system performs a DUR check on the entered prescription. If the DUR system alarms, the pharmacy pharmacist performs a further DUR review. The pharmacist determines whether a call to the doctor is necessary based on the DUR review. If yes, the prescription is confirmed with the doctor. If the doctor also does not confirm, then the prescription is not filled, and the process ends. The DUR system checks insurance directly if the physician confirms, the pharmacist confirms, or the DUR system does not sound an alarm. If full payment is required, the technician simply picks up the original prescription from the shelf. Otherwise, a complex series of operations is required. First, the DUR system needs to report the percentage of prescriptions paid, and then the pharmacist determines the patient cost, identifies any available alternative medications, and evaluates drug replacement. The pharmacist evaluates the medication substitution and then requests doctor approval if a doctor's examination is required. If a doctor's determination is not required, the technician provides the customer directly with the options to be replaced. If the doctor approves, the technicians will similarly provide alternative medications to the customer. The technician picks the original prescription off the shelf if neither the patient nor the doctor agree. If the customer agrees, the technician picks an alternative prescription from the shelf, and the pharmacist recalculates the cost of the alternative medication. After picking up the medication, whether under the original or alternative prescription, the pharmacist performs a quality check of the correct prescription. If a corrected prescription is not needed, the pharmacist seals the bag and stores the prescription. If the prescription needs to be corrected, the pharmacist corrects the prescription before sealing the bag and storing the prescription. The prescription has been filled, and the process is over.